# Chatbot
Cloud-based Student Information Chatbot system.:     Functionality which the chatbot should have in this project:     Here are some Details:     A Student bot project is built using artificial algorithms that analyzes users’ queries and understand users’ message. This System is a  web application that provides answers to the question of the student. Students just have to query through the bot which is used for chatting. Students can chat using any format there is no specific format the user has to follow. The System uses built-in artificial intelligence to answer the query. The answers are appropriate to what the user queries. If the answer is found to be invalid, the user just needs to select the invalid answer button which will notify the  admin about the incorrect answer.     Admin can view invalid answers through the portal via a login. The system allows the admin to delete the invalid answer or to add a specific answer to that equivalent question.     The User can query any college-related activities through the system. The user does not have to personally go to the college for inquiry. The System analyzes the question and then answers to the user. The system answers the query as if the person answers it.     With the help of artificial intelligence, the system answers the question asked by the students. The system replies using an effective Graphical user interface which implies that a natural person is talking to the user. The user can query about college-related activities online with the help of this web application. This system helps the student to be updated about college activities.     For making it cloud-based, deploy your web application integrated with AI in the cloud platform. You can use any cloud platform AWS, GCP, Heroku, etc.
